Super Bowl 50 was an American football game to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2015 season.
The Broncos took an early lead in Super Bowl 50 and never trailed.
For the third straight season, the number one seeds from both conferences met in the Super Bowl.
The Panthers defense gave up just 308 points, ranking sixth in the league, while also leading the NFL in interceptions with 24 and boasting four Pro Bowl selections.
A problem is regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources, whatever the algorithm used.
A computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of instances together with a solution for every instance.
For this reason, complexity theory addresses computational problems and problem instances.
The fight scene finale between Sharon and the character played by Ali Larter, from the movie, won the 2010 MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.
A Pharmacy Technician in the UK is considered as a health care professional and often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist (if employed in a hospital pharmacy) but instead is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians.
In the Imperial household, the pharmacist was even ranked above the two personal physicians of the Emperor.
The British Empire established the East Africa Protectorate in 1895, which starting in 1920 gave way to the Kenya Colony.
The New York Amsterdam News, based in Harlem, is one of the leading African American weekly newspapers in the United States.
Manhattan is a world center for training and education in medicine and the life sciences.
Fossils found in Kenya suggest that primates roamed the area more than 20 million years ago.
The cat loves the mouse that is delicious.
The number of chloroplasts per cell varies from 1 in algae up to 100 in plants like Arabidopsis and wheat.
They then use the ATP and NADPH to make organic molecules from carbon dioxide in a process known as the Calvin cycle.
Chloroplasts are highly dynamic, they circulate and move around within plant cells, and occasionally pinch in two to reproduce.
The three sources of European Union law are primary law, secondary law and supplementary law.
European Union law is a body of treaties and legislation, such as Regulations and Directives, which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of European Union member states.
TFEU article 227 contains a further right for citizens to petition the Parliament on issues which affect them.
If a user signs up, he will receive a confirmation email.
While Islamist political culture itself may not be democratic, Islamists need democratic elections to maintain their legitimacy.
The symptoms of inflammation are redness, swelling, heat, and pain, which are caused by blood flow into tissue.
However, a distinct lymphocyte-derived molecule has been discovered in primitive jawless vertebrates, such as the lamprey and hagfish.
Charles W. Eliot, president 1869-1909, eliminated the favored position of Christianity from the curriculum while opening it to student self-direction.
Proposals to connect the Cambridge campus with the new Allston campus include new and enlarged bridges, a shuttle service or a tram.
In the early 1950s, student applications declined as a result of increasing crime and poverty in the Hyde Park neighborhood.